#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =
I am providing this code as is. Some parts of project are still incomplete. But the main functions are working fine. I cut off all Windows related code, so you can get it from HGE homepage - http://hge.relishgames.com/ Also the project has experimental version ("_experimental" folder ).

= HGE tutorials =
All samples from original hge work fine (except sound). You can find them at  tutorials/OSX folder. I haven't created projects for all hge tutorials, so you can copy-paste the code from original win32 tutorials to existing tutorials or create a new project if you wish. *But remember:* my HGE port is based on *nibless* application architecture: application window is created by HGE library (like in Windows version). The easiest way to create a new project is to use one of the existing tutorial projects as base project. 

= _experimental folder =
In this folder I place a slightly modified version of HGE. This version has been tested on both PowerPC and Intel architectures. Also this version has minor changes in textures manager, textures locking/unlocking. I haven't tested this version of engine with HGE tutorials, but you can do this. :)

= Not implemented yet =

At this time I need to implement:

 * Resources loading from pack file
 * Sound library (bass dll) integration
 * Adjust window method
 * Resize window method

All other stuff seems to be working. If you find that something was not implemented, you can add this code to the project. 

If you want to contribute some code, make some improvements please contact me by e-mail  (.Onofreytchuk@gmail.com)

P.S. Special thanks for Alex FlasH. :)